I love smoothies.
Let's look at some code from the smoothie activity.
First, we create an integer variable called number of smoothies
till prize and we initialize that to value of 10.
Then we have an if else statement.
It spans from line two to line seven.
If the number of smoothies till prize is greater than nine,
then do the code within the opening and closing braces here.
If this statement is not true,
then do the code in this else block right here.
Since the number of smoothies till prize is a value of 10 and 10 is greater than nine,
then we fall into the if case here.
We print out a log message that says congratulations,
you get a free smoothie.
Then we update the number of smoothies till prize variable to be this new value.
This evaluates to 10 minus 10, which is zero.
So we essentially update this to have zero smoothies.
That makes sense, because once you've reached 10 smoothies and you get a free one,
your count goes back to zero and you have to buy 10 more again.
So this has a value of zero.
Lets continue. Well, we've reached the end of
this if block of code and we skip over the else-block,
because we only do one or the other,
and so we immediately go down here.
In this last code statement,
we add a log message that says,
you currently have blank out of 10 smoothies needed for your next free smoothie.
This blank here is actually a variable called number of smoothies till prize and
this currently has a value of zero because we updated it here.
So this message would say,
you currently have zero out of 10 smoothies until your next free one.
Therefore the answer is C. By stepping through the code,
we got the message,
Congratulations you get a free smoothie and we also saw
the message you currently have zero out of 10 smoothies until your next one.
Option A is incorrect because we definitely did get a free smoothie.
Option B is incorrect because we updated the number of smoothies count back to zero.
Nice job trying to read code that you didn't
understand before and trying to pick the answer.
Continue on to learn about what exactly is going on.